## Guardians of Justice
I really like this but [[invincible]] and [[theBoys]]

Style and Normalisation

## Picard
but didn't Kirk have story
Not tear drop filler
Emotion Driven or Camera People Dragging Indulgence?

A bullet wound verus varpoisation?
No Shields
2024?
So Q changes the past so can immediately just time travel
It's necessary for the show to happen
But won't Section 31 have this at Airbus efficencies?
Where is the Trial?

Based on ST:TNG - but it's not really or where does the copyright work on that?


## Janque is a Pilot

## Very Contrived Death
The emotion and the disbelief
I fast-forwarded
It was a correct decision for the sake of the mission
The crew did not understand this

Episode 2 was so stretched but felt like it was a star trek episode but basically 

So I fast forwarded and now I will watch it back 

If I have any comment other than
Where is the curly haired girls relationship with 7? Where is her loss greather than picards?

### painful
### inconsistent
How was a Roluman on Earth?
She is not his mom?
Picard is just putting up with this shit?
Not Star Fleet Officers
I promise you don't 
This is Mutiny 
Q for Sport is an interesting Angle
Ruffy is an addict...and Star Trek needs to "using Tech!!!!"
This is not attractive to 7 of 9
Oh for sake it's Quinan

Vaccination Chips ---- WTF THE ACTUAL FUCK!!!!

No group plan
How did they have a tubicle on board?

## picard on a total record

### dpubling down on the failedEarth

Rick and Morty is Star Trek Referenial 


### The Ruffy Problem is there
### It's still story driven enough
### assimiliation without no Consults on 20 year a Borg 7
## Trish is the Ghoul of Macroom

## The Walking Dead

## station eleven

# tv- animation
## apple and onion

## bear grilles: out cold

# tv-aga

## pieces of her

## dropout

## upright

